Q1. BMI (Body Mass Index) is a number my doctor tells me once in a while that
reminds me that I have eaten too much fried chicken (in their opinion). Seriously,
you probably know that it is one way to measure thinness or obesity in people. It
is calculated by taking a person's weight in kilograms and dividing by the square
of their height in meters. For example:

    Enter your height in meters: 1.778
    Enter your weight in kilograms: 100

    Your BMI is: 31.6

Yes, those are really my current numbers - my weight is at an all-time high! Track
athletes call that a PR. Moving on...

Write a program, just like the one above, that prompts the user for their height
in meters and their weight in kilograms. Calculate and display their BMI.


Q2. Write a similar program that does exactly the same thing, but by asking
the user for feet and pounds. So if someone is 5 foot 10 inches tall, they will
enter something like 5.83 feet for their height. Here's the (small) catch: the
formula doesn't work in feet and pounds, only in meters and kilograms. So, before
doing the calculation of (weight)/(height^2), convert the weight to kilograms,
and the height to meters. For the sake of learning programming, there is another
approach I do *not* want you to take, and that is to calculate this:

    BMI = 703 * (Height in inches) / ((Weight in pounds)^2)

Instead, I am explicitly asking you to look up the conversion rates for feet to
meters and pounds to kilograms and do the conversions in your program. At that
point, you can use the same formula to calculate BMI that you used in Q1. Here is
a sample run:

    Enter your height in feet: 5.83
    Enter your weight in pounds: 220

    Your BMI is: 31.6


Q3. Write a third program, but this time let the user enter their height in feet
and inches, and let them enter their weight in pounds and ounces. To calculate
BMI, first convert the feet and inches to feet to meters, and convert pounds and
ounces to kilograms. At that point, you can use the same formula to calculate BMI
that you used in Q1 and Q2. Here is a sample run:

    Enter your height (feet only): 5
    Enter your height (inches only): 10

    Enter your weight (pounds only): 219
    Enter your weight (ounces only): 9

    Your BMI is: 31.5


Q4. BMI is usually categorized as follows:

    Below 18.5 == underweight
    18.5 to 24.9 == normal
    25.0 to 29.9 == overweight
    30.0 and above == obese

I'm not trying to call out anybody's BMI ... except maybe my own. I need to drop
poundage, as you can see I'm solidly in the obese category.

For this question, I want you to first ask the user whether they want to give
their data in metric units, in feet and pounds only, or in feet and inches For
height and pounds and ounces for weight. Then take them through one of the three
scenarios from Q1, Q2, or Q3, depending on which they choose. Finally, display
the categories listed above and tell them the category into which the calculated
BMI falls. Here is a sample run:

Welcome to the BMI Calculator!
How would you like to enter your height and weight?

    1) using meters and kilograms
    2) using feet only (decimals allowed) and pounds
    3) using feet and inches for height and pounds and ounces for weight

    Please enter 1, 2, or 3: <wait for user input ... they choose 1!>

    Enter your height in meters: 1.778
    Enter your weight in kilograms: 99

    Your BMI is: 31.6

    BMI is usually categorized as follows:

        Below 18.5 == underweight
        18.5 to 24.9 == normal
        25.0 to 29.9 == overweight
        30.0 and above == obese

    As you can see, the BMI we calculated falls into the "obese" category.

    Thank you for using the BMI calculator!
