This week's homework is to write a game that is similar to an old 
board game called MasterMind. We will call this game MeisterGeist.

When the game starts, the computer should generate a secret 4-digit 
number. Any 4-digit number is OK, even numbers that begin with one or 
more zeroes. After generating the secret number, the program should 
prompt the user to try to guess it. 

After the user guesses, the computer should respond with feedback per 
the following guidelines:

- ALPHA. This means that one of the digits in the guessed number 
  appears in the secret number, but is in the wrong position. 

- BRAVO. This means that one of the digits in the guessed number 
  appears in the secret number in the correct position.

- ZULU. This means that the guess has none of the digits in the guess 
  appear anywhere in the secret number.

ALPHA and BRAVO can appear in combinations. For example, "ALPHA ALPHA" 
would mean that two of the guessed digits are in the secret number, 
but neither are in the correct position. "ALPHA BRAVO BRAVO" means 
that three of the digits in the guessed number are in the secret 
number, but only one of those is in the correct position.

The computer's feedback must always have all ALPHA strings at the 
beginning and all BRAVO strings at the end. ZULU cannot appear with 
either ALPHA or BRAVO, so it is always by itself.

Finally, if the user guesses the number in 12 tries they win.

Here is an example. Suppose that the computer generates the number 
1174. The following sample session shows one way the player could 
guess and the responses the computer would give (the user types in the 
guesses, and the rest is printed by the program):

    Welcome to MeisterGeist! 
    Please wait while I generate a secret 4-digit number...
    Ready!
    
    What is your 1st guess? 1234
    BRAVO BRAVO
    
    What is your 2nd guess? 5678
    BRAVO
    
    What is your 3rd guess? 9009
    ZULU
    
    What is your 4th guess? 1278
    BRAVO BRAVO
    
    What is your 5th guess? 1374
    BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO
    
    What is your 6th guess? 1474
    BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO
    
    What is your 7th guess? 1174
    BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO
    
    Congratulations! You win!!!

If the user loses, instead of congraulating the user, print this:

    Too bad, you lost. Better luck next time!

Bonus cred if you can:
- Get the output to look exactly like the above output. 
- Prompt the user for the number of guesses they should get.

For a bigger challenge, come up with an idea (you don't have to 
implement this) about how you automatically test the session above. 
How would you force the program to use 1174 as the secret, and how 
would you emulate a user doing the guesses in the above session? How 
would you check that the output is correct?
